checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $GS @*74

waitForResponse: $GS 161,139,11,0,G3*7d

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
fix quality = 3
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $GN @*69

waitForResponse: $GN 42.3630,-71.1255,27,279,1*09

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $DT @*70

waitForResponse: $DT 20220609174631,V*41

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $TD "SN2=42.363,-71.126@2022/9/6/17/46/31:130"*4c

waitForResponse: $TD OK,4576158693784*23

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
Swarm communication error: 1 : Hey, it worked!
TX TextSN2=42.363,-71.126@2022/9/6/17/46/31:130
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $MT C=U*12

waitForResponse: $MT 131*0a

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
There are 131 unsent messages in the SWARM TX queue

sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $RT @*66

waitForResponse: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
Swarm communication error: 1 : Hey, it worked!
New receive test message received:  rssi_sat: 0  snr: 0  fdev: 0  1970/01/01 00:00:00  sat_id: 0x0
checkUnsolicitedMsg: backlog found! backlog length is 166
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $GS 161,139,11,0,G3*7d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $GN 42.3630,-71.1255,27,279,1*09
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $DT 20220609174631,V*41
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $TD OK,4576158693784*23
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $RT @*66

waitForResponse: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
Swarm communication error: 1 : Hey, it worked!
New receive test message received:  rssi_sat: 0  snr: 0  fdev: 0  1970/01/01 00:00:00  sat_id: 0x0
checkUnsolicitedMsg: backlog found! backlog length is 62
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $RT @*66

waitForResponse: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
Swarm communication error: 1 : Hey, it worked!
New receive test message received:  rssi_sat: 0  snr: 0  fdev: 0  1970/01/01 00:00:00  sat_id: 0x0
checkUnsolicitedMsg: backlog found! backlog length is 62
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
sendCommandWithResponse: ====>
sendCommand: Command: $RT @*66

waitForResponse: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77

sendCommandWithResponse: <====
Swarm communication error: 1 : Hey, it worked!
New receive test message received:  rssi_sat: 0  snr: 0  fdev: 0  1970/01/01 00:00:00  sat_id: 0x0
checkUnsolicitedMsg: backlog found! backlog length is 62
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=0,SNR=0,FDEV=0,TS=1970-01-01T00:00:00,DI=0x000000*77
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-111*1c
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
checkUnsolicitedMsg: event(s) found! ===>
checkUnsolicitedMsg: start of event: $RT RSSI=-110*1d
checkUnsolicitedMsg: end of event
checkUnsolicitedMsg: <=== end of event(s)!
c